by maxing a year of achievement that
began with her winning the Academy Award
for Johnny Belinda the popular Warner
brother star now wins the coveted
photoplay magazine gold medal this
annual award to the actress giving the
most popular performance of the year is
made after a fold of the people who know
the Stars best you the motion picture
goers of the nation at now photo plays
Fred Samus makes the presentation
congratulations Jane it is a great honor
to present you with photo place token of
public esteem thanks to you Fred and a
coat of a magazine and to everyone I'm
deeply grateful thank you
when detective Smith was called
backstage to investigate the inward
murder it looked like a rather routine
affair he hardly expected it to lead to
the most dangerous adventure of his life
romance the case presented a few clues
and a few bodies a very dead body a very
heavenly body a very suspicious body and
finally a very charming busybody who
started out by getting tangled in the
strings of the mystery and finished by
getting tied up in the strings of his
heart
you
taking all the trouble to protect my
reputation covering up the accident
destroying that dreadful test I didn't
destroy so long as I have the dress I'm
the one who decides how long this show
will run everything else do you
understand you fool
there goes evidence that could have
helped you you're not to say things
against Charlotte I'm doing all this for
her sake
you're just jealous of it it sounds to
me remarkably like blackmail I think I
better call the police
yes do call the police with him what we
talk to them together
who are you
you